add epoch gate to claritydb::get_v2_unlock_height() (#3685)
stacks-network/stacks-core: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to the versioning scheme outlined in the [README.md](README.md).

## [2.2.0.0.1]

> This is a **consensus-breaking** release to address a bug and DoS vector in `stacks-increase`.

Author: ```suggestion
This is a **consensus-breaking** release to address a bug and DoS vector in pox-2's `stack-increase` function.
```
